README.md, before:

# Qlik Sense

**This library provides tools to interact with Qlik Sense's APIs natively in python.**

---

# Overview

This library is being developed so that Qlik Sense applications can be worked into a larger
python workflow more easily. While Qlik's API could be used directly, this streamlines the process.

# Requirements

- Python 3.7+
- requests
- requests_ntlm
- urllib3

# Installation

This package is hosted on PyPI:

```shell script
pip install qlik_sense
```

# Examples

Use this library to reload a Qlik Sense app:
```python
from qlik_sense import api

qs = api.QlikSense(host='HOST_NAME', certificate='CERT_FILE_PATH')

app = qs.get_app_by_name_and_stream(app_name='Rate Monitor', stream_name='Actuarial')
qs.reload_app(guid=app.guid)
```

# Acknowledgements

This package was inspired by Rafael Sanz's work:

https://github.com/rafael-sanz/qsAPI/blob/master/qsAPI.py

I would like to acknowledge the work he spent to figure out all of the logistics of Qlik Sense's APIs.
I redeployed a modified version of his Controller class as the core Session class in the ORM for this library and
built functionality around that class.

# Full Documentation

For the full documentation, please visit: https://qlik_sense.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Commit message:

0.2.0 - Base functionality for app, stream, and user (#2)
* split out the client into an SSL client and a NTLM client

* completed all objects necessary for current app/stream/user services, updated methods to return objects that reflect the qrs api specs

* added app export object and updated services to use it

* updated documentation for app supported methods

* made models and services generic at the entity level (get, create, update, delete)

* made updates to the clients according to QS documentation

* user and stream tests are passing

* tests passing or identified in the code

README.md, after:

# Qlik Sense

**This library is a python client for the Qlik Sense APIs**

---

# Overview

This library allows users to more easily work with Qlik Sense applications in a larger python workflow. While Qlik's
APIs could be used directly, this streamlines the process.

#### Disclaimer:

This library, and its maintainer, have no affiliation with QlikTech. Qlik support agreement does not cover
support for this application.

# Requirements

- Python 3.7+
- requests
- requests_ntlm
- requests_negotiate_sspi
- urllib3
- uuid
- marshmallow

# Installation

This package is hosted on PyPI:

```shell script
pip install qlik_sense
```

# Examples

Use this library to work with Qlik Sense apps:
```python

from qlik_sense import NTLMClient

qs = NTLMClient(host='url/to/qlik/sense/server')
app = qs.app.get_by_name_and_stream(app_name='My App', stream_name='My Stream')
qs.app.reload(app=app)
```

# Full Documentation

For the full documentation, please visit: https://qlik_sense.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
